---
layout: post
title: Virtual Reality and Why We Create
time: 6:53 PM
---

Been feeling increasingly existential about media production as of late. It may be due to the rise of NFTs commodifying some of the ugliest "art" I've ever seen or Facebook's rebranding to "Meta" or the entire metaverse concept as a whole. This entire era of popular media that I find myself in highlights questions about why we create to begin with (and why They create). <br> <br>

I would answer the billion dollar question of why we create with the cheap answer of: various reasons. Yet, that ultimately is the key to the difference between why "we" (the people, proletariat, etc.) create and "They" (technocrats, billion dollar corporations, etc.) create. Our variety of reasons and intentions to create (replication, exploration, introspection, communication) are so numerous and diverse compared the singular reason They create: profitable simulacrum. <br><br>

Profitable simulacrum is working towards nothing that is new or even truly identical to what already exists. It is working towards immitations of reality with their core and thus their identity removed. As Žižek describes, diet coke removes the essence of coke, the sugar, and thus leaves it as a tool purely for consumption without true identity, utility, or any detriment to the user. The virtual reality metaverse as envisioned by Zuckerberg seeks to develop a world more desirable than the one that they and other technocrat billionaires destroyed before our very eyes. This is not a creation made to free us. This is made transactionally. We trade our information, our privacy, our lives, and our world for it. <br><br>

However, this is not to say that we, me, or others are not enticed to create in the way technocrats do. It is significantly easier to do so and seems like a potent relief to the existence you are chained within. By design, capitalism's agony born of conscripted labor breeds people who want to break free of it and capitalism points, with a smirk, towards conscription and abuse of those around you.  <br><br>

With all this in mind, how, as media producers, artists, creators, do we navigate this space of new media? How do we not contribute to the cycle? How do we not let the technocratic future of consumption and control win? Truly, I don't know. However, I think there is something valuable in the purposeful creation of media to reflect the horrors of our world and not to transactionally remove them. What does this mean, again, I don't truly know. But, there is something to be said about not rushing to create a virtual world devoid of suffering and built upon escapism. Instead, we must acknowledge and be wary of the immense power that comes from designing and profiting off of a virtual reality. If we were the ones to make it, how would we? Should we? Should I? Should you? Whatever the answers to these questions are, all of us as artists, filmmakers, developers, etc. have an immense responsibility to purposefully create in a way that dismantles this approaching dystopia.
