---
layout: post
title: Boardwalk Concept Updates and Learning Three.js
time: 2:07 PM
---

So, after thinking about the Boardwalk blog concept as I've been working on writing the layout files and markdown files for it, I have realized I want to think bigger.  

I have always wanted to learn three.js and do a 3D browser experience after seeing what Will was able to accomplish while working on early stages of "Unreal World".  

Thus, I think translating the concept of the boardwalk as a space for hosting interactive projects packaged in a boardwalk theme into itself being an interactive space is a positive leap forward.  

Currently these are some of the ideas that I have surrounding this concept:
1. Photo real boardwalk utilizing photography for making looping textures.
- Practice skills in photography and 3D modeling
2. TubDrafts Fortune telling machine 
- Print out tub drafts tweets and be a "TubDrafts Fortune Telling Machine"
3. Arcade area
- For any interactive projects that don't necessarily fit an outward aesthetic of "boardwalk"
- Designed arcade cabinets
4. Restaurant 
- Some sort of food making game a la Papa's Pizzeria 
5. Billboards 
- Advertise Outside projects
- Hyperlink to the project
6. Some sort of physical exit/door back to other blogs
- Back to lamlog + back to ibuycrap  
7. Santa Cruz Ambient sound loop
- Record like 5 minutes of ambient ocean noise when we go out there some time.

The main issue (i guess?) to tackle will be deciding whether in each of these experiences it will essentially be a hyperlink that sends you to a new tab that has these games/experiences or if we will be able to have these experiences pop up in the 3D space (essentially as a second monitor). 

William says he will do some work to give me the base files / a base scene to work off of in three.js. That will be super helpful in trying to build this project up. I also need to do some more studying about three.js and especially javascript. I've been watching videos and reading blogs to try and be ready to hit the ground running.  

My first goal will be to make a very simple proof of concept test that includes the fortune teller machine (possibly just a box with a pop up window). Once that is done I'm going to go back to work on lamlog and ibuycrap styling alongside this project. 

