---
layout: post
title: Photobook, Short Film, Writing, Music Concept
time: 8:32 PM
---

I wanted to complete the last two motion graphics that I need for my portfolio webpage today, but, sometimes things like that just need to be put off (especially on one’s birthday, lol).

Nonetheless, I have been doing a lot of thinking about an idea that has been brewing for a while. I have been wanting to make art that explores my transition into adulthood and the end of my childhood as that has been something that I didn’t expect to affect me so much.

One portion of this multimedia piece would be a photobook. I have some (honestly outlandish) ideas for the photobook that may not be able to be done all together due to money and production in general. I would like to mimic children’s “touch and feel books” which have portions of fabric and carpet and other textures that are in cut outs of each page. Obviously this plays into the childhood concepts but I also am interested in mimicking the sensory effects of the media I am including in the book. This can also be accomplished with scratch and sniff smells of substances such as grass or dirt, etc. I am also interested in inserting the tiny speakers that they use in hallmark cards that play when someone that opens the page. This ties into the musical or sound element of the piece and might include short clips of instrumentals or ambient noise or a conversation/narration. Another element I would like to include in the photobook is writing through poems, short stories, or any other composition that comes in between or alongside photos. 

When it comes to the photos I am interested in exploring a continuity from the peak of my childishness and innocence to the realization of adulthood and the peering into this new world. A lot of these photos would have to deal with juxtaposition, especially in the middle transitional period between childhood and adulthood. One idea I have is doing a photoshoot in the graveyard that my dad is buried. That might sound sort of edgy, but it's also a place I have never been. In not going, I have sort of innocently existed without the thought of it. I see these photos as a group of friends playfully running and posing in a graveyard in high saturation clothing juxtaposed to the gravestones. I also want to take photos utilizing my dad’s letters for the same reasoning. 

In terms of the short film side of it I am interested in trying to mimic the aura of skate videos. Minus the skating, lol. Essentially, I want to have the rebellious, fun, and childlike feeling of the moments in between skating in those videos in which the skaters are just hanging out. I want to do this and utilize the photos I took for the book in the videos as transitional motion graphics or still frames. Basically any time I’m shooting photos for this project, I am also filming fun moments. I want to also do a physical release of this short film concept on vhs and transfer it back to digital and upload it to youtube, maintaining a generation loss effect. 

Overall, I see a bigger picture Idea to what I think I might call “enfant terrible”. I want to make not just something, but a multitude of unified pieces that explore the topic I’ve outlined. I am currently working to refine this idea into workable chunks to bring it to life in a reasonable amount of time. 

-- LAM
 