---
layout: post
title: Short Film PostProduction
time: 5:05 PM
---

Well, here we are at the PostProduction stage of the short film I am working on.  

Funnily enough, what I believed was the beginning of the PostProduction stage actually began with rushing back to the set before sundown to record a final sequence the crew and I completely forgot to shoot! With that scene out of the way and a quick drive back to my apartment, I began work on developing foley sound effects for the fight scene that takes up the majority of the film.  

However, the main issue was I have never done layered foley before! I found it incredibly difficult to mix into anything usable, thus, I was forced to just switch to free to use punch sound effects online. Nonetheless, I still want to return to layering and mixing my own foley in a future project when I am granted the opportunity (and time) to do it properly.  

After deciding to essentially skip the task of producing sound effects, I got to work with my co-editor (who lives in Qatar) over discord on refining the cuts and transitions from what we had in our rough cut that we presented to the professor. After fixing the cuts, I went on alone to remix and level all of the background sound and dialogue to my liking. Once that was done I went back and color graded everything to match. I ended up having to go with a cool blue tone (which still looked good with the blue trim of the school) because of some shots that were filmed with an awkward blue lighting with no way to work around them. Once all that was done I added sound effects, a soundtrack I found online, and made the embroidered name tag title card you see below.

(Fun Fact: The title for the movie was decided  about 15 minutes before I had to export it and turn it in!)

All that being said, here is the final short film!  
{% include tools/embed.html source="youtube" id="3JD7VnVxOdk" %}