---
layout: post
title: Video Production Class Short Film Planning
time: 9:37 PM
---

So, this quarter I am taking my first Video Production class for my Film degree. Our current assignment is to create a pre-production package for our short film (the final for the class). This pre-production package has to include basic info like the plot as well as a treatment, storyboard, and other details. 

Currently the concept we are going with is:  
The school janitor has been working all day to clean up his school that is infested with dirty, inconsiderate, teenagers! Just as the sun begins to set, he ties up the last garbage bag only for a punk kid to litter right in front of him. The Janitor confronts the kid and it turns into an all out action filled brawl!   

We are planning to film this at my Mom's elementary school. My main role will be Sound Design/Recordist as I am going to checkout the Boom Mics and Zoom Recorder I have been working with in my sound class to try and achieve a clear sound recording for the short film. I also want to do foley work like bones cracking, shoes rustling, and stuff like that as I have found it very fun to work with in my Sound Recording class.  

One of my group members is a 4th degree black belt and is super interested in fight choreography so we should have some pretty cool choreo to work with. Besides that, we are gonna have the international group member focus on editing it all together. Most likely though all other aspects of production will be very collaborative. I will probably work on the final sound mastering after the first visual cut is put together.   

I never really thought that I would ever fill this role in any production, but I am happy and excited to do so.  

Besides all of this stuff with the video production class, I have been a bit slower on doing creative projects lately. I am currently focusing on getting in shape for Vanguard and getting a second job. Both of which have sort of taken up my time alongside school. I am thinking this lull is okay and I shouldn't really worry. I want to get back to work on some blogliam stuff soon though. Lot's going on, but I am used to that.