---
layout: post
title: honey bunches 
time: 1:02 PM
---

Earlier this week on tuesday I released a quick short film project called "honey bunches". This past weekend, Henry, William, and I all went up to Oregon for a roadtrip for some camping. We were just messing around with the drone taking some funny pictures of henry laying down in the parking lot when I had an idea for a shot. 

This shot became the opening shot of the film and as we continued on the roadtrip I jotted down a handful of other shot ideas to finish off the film. We decided to make the challenge to only use William's drone for all shots. Obviously, there are some shots that just simply work better with a drone and some that work better with a different piece of more standard equipment. This was sort of a test of where those lines are.

I essentially directed the film and went over the shotlist with William who acted as a Cinematographer. He provided input on the technical side of flying the drone that would change how we handle shots and informed me of which ones would be more difficult than others. We then would collaborate to design a shot that would work both creatively and technically. In particular, the final shot of the film was really fucking hard to do and constantly ended in the drone being crashed into an unseen branch. By gods will, the final time we shot it actually went well. 

We are thinking of collaborating more on future projects and calling upon each other to use equipment either of us have. Overall it was pretty fun.

(Final Note) Forgot to mention this, but the soundtrack in the film was also just some random LP I found in a record store in portland. After looking the artist up, it seems they do abstract oil painting now. Worked pretty well as the soundtrack for being so random. Thinking about buying more random 1 to 3 dollar vinyls to use in films now.

You can check out the film on my instagram or here:
{% include tools/embed.html source="youtube" id="sMFMBw5ZVs8" %}