---
layout: post
title: Working on ibuycrap. Trying to get back into swing of things
time: 10:41 PM 
---

I haven't written over the weekend as I have mostly been hanging out with friends or doing homework. I expected a bit of a crash after working on blogliam so fervently for like a week. I assume I will be able to resume a pretty good pace with it going forward.  

Work is starting again and school is starting to pickup. This project and pretty much any creative endeavors I work on going forward will be practice in juggling multiple responsibilities and maintaining quality across multiple projects.  

The most work I've done on the site the past couple of days has just been uploading all of my video collection to the site. I think I am going to add a couple more posts in the "other" tag to finish all of my preliminary posting. Past that, everything I post will be new stuff I have bought.

Moving forward I am going finish the first three todos in the "medium" section which are:
1. Add link back to blogliam in ibuycrap (and eventually yardsale)
2. Aggregate other metadata into other analytics beyond money spent:
    - Proportion of media in different formats
    - [Write more analytics ideas]
3. Add appropriate analytics to each collection page  

The first one is pretty simple, but I would like to do some basic styling with help from will to get it looking decent in its Alpha phase. The other two will take some thinking but I want to have at the very least a wall of analytics data about my ibuycrap posts. I just need to think of different ones to add. 

Once all that is done I will be moving on to the final blog, currently titled yardsale, but that is subject to change.  

I assume those three changes will be done by the end of the week. Hopefully more, but, I have a lot to do this week besides the blog.  

-- LAM
