---
layout: post
title: objet petit a
time: 3:25 PM
---

All media is fundamentally made to communicate  something that cannot / is not being communicated through other media and forms of communication.

Our classic forms of communication such as speech + writing lacked tangible visual communication. Modern forms of communication through film, music, and interactive media attempt to fill in these gaps of communication and introduce user interactivity that simulates interacting with the real world.

Film, music, video games, and all other media are partial objects which define an oft forgotten drive. They circle around, without getting to, the object of desire which is to (as independent beings confined to our own perception) experience what is other than ourselves.

Currently we perceive the act of foundationally experiencing life outside of our own perception as as the 'objet petit a'. The petit a refers to a an imaginary object of desire that is unreachable and belongs to the imaginary order of lancian algebra.

Through our production and consumption of these smokescreens and veils, we circle around and never reach the experience we all truly seek.

However, as the advancements of media technology, VR technology, and neuroscience develop, crafting and delivering raw experience is becoming closer and closer to Lacan's capital A or "Big Other" which is "raw" or irreducible from the pure experience and is ultimately plausible in it's realness.

In media production and communication, it may be the time for us to shift focus from communicating aspects of reality towards developing die-cast replicative experiences of reality. But, where does the line between perceiving and experiencing start to blur? How do we stop applying consciousness of a reality to a meta-reality and thus experience it without preconceived notion?

That is what must be developed.
