---
layout: post
title: The New Year of TBSB Media
time: 12:01 PM
---

TBSB Media is beginning to blossom. A lot of work has been put into the website, portfolio, and how we market ourselves to clients. Simultaneously, I have spent extensive time thinking about how we can be different and a positive force in our world. This comes alongside the multiple blog posts I've made about my fears and expectations about the the way the media/communications sector has evolved beyond having even a grain of piety. <br>

User data profiteering, Secrecy behind closed doors, and deeply misguided quests for innovation plague media and tech companies (which are one in the same at this point) who never had humanity to begin with. I want TBSB Media to be different. So very badly. I cannot tackle my own personal convictions without it being different. It simply must be different. <br>

Even in our small size now, I want to begin with charity, social responsibility, and truly beneficial innovation as the expectations and guardrails for every decision we make. For charity, we plan to set a aside a consistent percentage of all income to a TBSB Media charity account that can provide scholarships, media equipment, and funding to burgeoning filmmakers, schools, and community programs. This will need to be further designed to properly disperse the funds but, at the very least, the money will be set aside from the very beginning. For social responsibility, I believe any project we take on must not interfere with our moral convictions or harm anyone directly or indirectly. Additionally, I want us to be an entirely transparent company. No NDA's, no hiding how much we make, and no hiding our creative process and strategies. For truly beneficial innovation, I don't mean we shouldn't innovate to just try something new, that's fine. What I mean is we should understand how the innovation we create will harm or benefit humanity. We don't want to innovate in order to get more people hooked to a product or increase watch time or whatever financial reasoning. We want to innovate to push forward how we can communicate and how we can tell stories. <br>

While all of this is in theory in pretty much Day 0 of TBSB Media's existence, I wan't to reference this ideals forever. In everything I do. 