---
layout: post
title: Accepting the Multi-Hyphenate
time: 11:59 AM 
---

Throughout my life, especially in education, I have felt my wide range of interests were never valued for being so wide. People want to put you into a box and pick out your strongest skill to be what you do for the rest of your life. Be it picking a major or a short discussion with a counselor, your plans and interests need to concise enough to fit a single descriptor. That thought, frankly, makes me want to blow my brains out. <br>  

As we are beginning TBSB Media, I have begun to accept my multi-hyphenate status in everything I do and realizing the broadness of my interests and skills is not a detriment to me in the slightest. Whether or not TBSB Media is a fun project for a year or becomes a long term career option, I'm realizing I need to play into my wide range of skills to work as a "Creative Director" or whatever fancy term they place on managing expansive projects while also contributing yourself. <br>  

While I am quick to mention all of my early doubts of myself, my mom has always said these exact things to me and told me I would be the person to bridge the gap between various sectors and see the bigger picture. I never really listened to her, but now I am starting to understand what she means as I see the true utility of that process. <br>  

What this doesn't mean is: I am some magic genius person and I am super happy to pat myself on the back. Instead, I feel a greater sense of calm and purpose when going down these learning rabbit holes and side quests as essentially everything I learn and practice can be applied to the way we are developing TBSB Media's business model. I have a lot to learn and more freedom now to do so, yet, I also am granted a framework for <strong>why</strong> I am stretching myself across far reaching concepts. 

